two
hello everyone I hope you are very well
as already what in the title of the video
Well, I'm going to show you some
repetitions in which he achieves
make two star villages that are at
maximum good to the maximum of defenses
because because the walls are not going to
interesting good is going to be with bloodhounds
as we are seeing the first step is going to
drop we have to drop the bloodhounds
behind the balloons and then the
bloodhounds we know that they will go
directly to the air defenses as well
that the bloodhounds are going to be like a golem
always said are like one
flyers and now we have to drop the
minions because because the bloodhounds
while they are extracting the wolves
they destroy the defenses and the minions
the constructions that do not defend here
they are already beginning to kill the bloodhounds
Here comes the castle of the enemy train
she froze is sick twice I'm
freezing because if it's not going to start me
to kill the new ones and I want that
these balloons reach this area
where are the tees the good and the
archers killed them with lightning here another
freezing so that for the balloons
with that rage they can
almost the town hall just leaving
drop their pumps because it has a
splash impact and you can see here
they go for the next tesla and goodbye
councils are simply with the
splash of the balloons no but that's not
is the important thing the important thing is that you
there are enough troops to do 50 for
hundred here see how the bones are
they carry all the aerial traps see me
they kill the bloodhound but those are
little bones or puppies álava no
well here we go in a fabulous 44
percent the town hall is no longer and
because with the remaining troops is to look
that 50% to make two stars see
easy and simple bloodhounds balloons and
minions the combination there I leave
here below they can appear and as
we are in a war the most important thing
is to leave the enemy bad and then to let go
here the kings but I what I want that
see is what
without the kings and the two stars with
wolves bloodhounds tell you here the kings
they're just going to be to clean all
this area to leave a little more
the output humiliated almost
They can make 70 percent and as
here the king we have to use it quite
well as a golem because then the queen
will be destroying and the king has more
life that queen constructions
they do not have much life here
canyons dam builders
what are warehouse archer towers
of dark liquids and you will have more
life and it's going to stop here a little bit
queen and then we are going to use here the
King's skill we will not accelerate
this so that they see that it did to him
percentage of 70 there that are 75 per
a hundred which is not bad at all
kings 40 as did 25% alone one
24 percent alone and then the most
important two stars if you give us
the kings is possible if it is possible to do
two stars without using the kings for
that they are taking it into account here
also something that takes a lot into account in
the reactions that the beam saved him
a lot because they go over all
bloodhounds not queen archer was distracted
a little with them the balloons were going
behind in the castle and carrying balloons
level all maximum level that does end
clarify everything is at its best here
freeze the infernal tower so that it does not
I kill those balloons the radio spell
to kill all those archers a
freeze to entertain enough
you what they were going to do almost all the
I work because they made the balloons
come too close to the town hall myself
that's why I would not have a village like that because
I saw how they can do
two stars so easy and so if
they want to apply a little the kings say
I have the lowest styles,
can they do their kings I think it would be
a good option but I leave this
so they can observe it and take it in
account in his war attacks so that
they can make two stars and that is
touches a very difficult war and with this
we find a very good function to
bloodhound that everyone said it would not be
for a lot that for the best because then
they saw that if it's important here anymore
let's see the destruction of the kings
because it's something that does not have much that
see we 're leaving now I'm going to go to
make an equal attack with an attack here
you can see the village like everything is
to the maximum and see these many outputs
recommend entering from the front but
he is dressed feels from the front but
I saw that if I was going to complicate a bit of
50% so I searched a bit with the
henchmen see the aerial bombs I
they start killing some minions and then
I here stay with a few not
I have so many shots so I have to
take advantage of it is pretty good I'm going to
enter on this front because they are two
air defenses pretty close together and the
destroyed the following bani and go
to enjoy
all those archer towers that are
that's why what I said to them, do not put
so many defenses so close to the
municipalities because the splash of
the balloons as it affects a lot do not look
here already freeze the air defenses I put
a rage only subjects minions that
entertain everything here save me a
lava hound in the castle declared
enemy now they do not bring a
lightning spell I brought three
freezing is better in case the doubts do not
now freeze is hell because the
new ones that are on the left side are
they go and then to the crossbow and then to
the archer towers we need that
all those balloons survive for me
destroy this whole thing thing
applicator here your do this dies and
entertain served which is
perfect because now the sighs are
They will get closer to the town hall because
there was a little puppy of lava and
ready take the enemy town hall and
then they continue to hurt the
defenses see here percentage more than
make the eggs some are left by
I'm already two stars above
equal to a henchman on the left
that had helped me a lot to be the
percentage the queen I do not have it the cup
king I'm improving it and
and I can win villages and decided on my
kings if you have low kings as well
you can lean on them and achieve
two stars not in the end I hope that
have liked and see you until the
next video bay